## Lunar Odyssey
Game Engine: Unity

Language: C#

Platform: Android devices

Date of completion: May 2015

<video controls="" controlslist="nodownload" oncontextmenu="return false" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto;" width="820">
  <source src="https://github.com/Tony-Luu/HTML5-Videos/blob/master/Lunar%20Odyssey%20Gameplay%20Footage.mp4?raw=true" type="video/mp4"></source>
  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
</video>


Unity WebGL Player: [Link](https://uel-1110542.github.io/Lunar-Odyssey/)

Source Code: [Link](https://github.com/uel-1110542/Lunar-Odyssey-Sourcecode)


This project was created for a group project during university. Lunar Odyssey is a 2D side-scrolling endless survival game where the player has to avoid obstacles generated by the Greek gods. The controls for the game is using the mouse to drag the moon vertically up and down to control the tide of the waves. Dragging the boat horizontally from left to right would move the boat. The boat can only move to the right until the center of the screen. The player has to manipulate the size of the moon to control the level of the tide and move the ship horizontally in order to survive as long as possible. Along the way of traversing through the seas, there are shipwrecks encountered in the game where the player has to save as much people as possible to attempt to gain a high score.

The aesthetic of the game Lunar Odyssey draws inspiration from Greek mythology such as various gods like Poseidon and Zeus as well as the game Apotheon. A team of 7 members were involved with the process of developing this game who are: Devon Horne, Adam Duckworth, Dan Harrison, Jamal Dennison, Matt Fatz, Michael Ingram, and myself. My responsibility within the team was to implement the procedural generation of the rock terrains and the behaviors of the obstacles.
